Add support for more parameter attribute (#106)
microsoft/Documentarian: Projects/Modules/Documentarian.ModuleAuthor/CHANGELOG.md

### Added

> - Update `Get-ParameterInfo` and `Find-ParameterWithAttribute` to support for three more parameter
>   attributes:
> 
>   - CredentialAttribute
>   - ObsoleteAttribute
>   - PSDefaultValueAttribute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update `Get-ParameterInfo` and `Find-ParameterWithAttribute` to support three more parameter
  attributes:

  - {{% xref "System.Management.Automation.CredentialAttribute" %}}
  - {{% xref "System.Management.Automation.PSDefaultValueAttribute" %}}
  - {{% xref "System.ObsoleteAttribute" %}}
```

Reviewer: Minor change, this will ensure those automatically link to the dotnet docs for those attributes to provide a bit of context.
